+++
date = "2017-06-09T23:02:36-04:00"
description = "run_tests.py --run_python_suite"
title = "run_tests.py"

creatordisplayname = "Michael J. Stealey" creatoremail = "michael.j.stealey@gmail.com" lastmodifierdisplayname = "Michael J. Stealey" lastmodifieremail = "michael.j.stealey@gmail.com"

[menu]

  [menu.main]
    identifier = "runtests"
    parent = "code"
    weight = 2

+++

Result of running `python run_tests.py --run_python_suite`.

```console
bash-4.2$ python run_tests.py --run_python_suite
irods.test.test_xmsg.Test_Xmsg.test_send_and_receive_one_xmsg ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_addchildtoresc_forbidden_characters_3449 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_admin_listings ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_authentication_name ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_create_and_remove_coordinating_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_create_and_remove_coordinating_resource_with_explicit_contextstring ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_create_and_remove_new_user ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_create_and_remove_unixfilesystem_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_create_and_remove_unixfilesystem_resource_without_spaces ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_dlopen_failure_error_message ... skipped 'Activate once fixed issue#3387'
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_domainadmin_role ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_group_membership ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_host_access_control ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_hosts_config ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_iadmin_mkuser ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_iadmin_scrambling_and_descrambling ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_ibun ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_ibun__issue_3571 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_idempotent_aua__issue_3104 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_iexecmd ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_impostor_resource_debug_logging ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_irmtrash_admin_2461 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_issue_2420 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_izonereport_key_sanitization ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_list_groups ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_list_resources ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_list_users ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_list_zones ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_modify_resource_comment ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_modify_resource_name ... skipped 'deprecated due to resc id'
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_modify_user_info__ticket_3245 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_moduser ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_msiset_default_resc__2712 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_rebalance_for_invalid_data__ticket_3147 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_rebalance_for_repl_in_repl_node ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_rebalance_for_repl_node ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_rebalance_for_repl_node_with_different_users ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_resource_hierarchy_errors ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_resource_hierarchy_manipulation ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_resource_name_restrictions ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_rodscurators_role ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_server_config_environment_variables ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_set_resource_comment_to_emptystring_ticket_2434 ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_storageadmin_role ... ok
irods.test.test_iadmin.Test_Iadmin.test_tokens ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_auto_repl_off__2941 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_auto_repl_on__2941 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iget_prefer_from_archive__ticket_1660 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iget_prefer_from_archive_corrupt_archive__ticket_3145 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iphymv_as_admin__2995 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_as_admin__2988 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irsync__2976 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irsync_for_collection__2976 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_collision_with_wlock ... skipped '--wlock has possible race condition due to Compound/Replication PDMO'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_msiCollRsync__2976 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_msiDataObjRepl_as_admin__2988 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_msiDataObjRsync__2976 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_msiDataObjUnlink__2983 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_msisync_to_archive__2962 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_stage_to_cache ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Compound.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_checksum ... skipped 'NOTSURE / FIXME ... -K not supported, perhaps'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_collision_with_wlock ... skipped '--wlock has possible race condition due to Compound/Replication PDMO'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithMockarchive.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_with_no_stage__2930 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_collision_with_wlock ... skipped '--wlock has possible race condition due to Compound/Replication PDMO'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_CompoundWithUnivmss.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Deferred.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_MultiLayered.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_NonBlocking.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Passthru.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_unix_filesystem_free_space__3306 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Random.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_trying_next_child_after_child_votes_no__3315 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinRandom.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iget_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_iput_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irepl_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RandomWithinReplication.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ifsck_checksum_mismatch_print_error__3501 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ifsck_with_resource_hierarchy__3512 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iget_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iput_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_iquest_for_resc_hier__3039 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irepl_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_collision_with_wlock ... skipped '--wlock has possible race condition due to Compound/Replication PDMO'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_num_repl_policy__ticket_2851 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_random_read_policy__ticket_2851 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_random_read_policy_with_num_repl__ticket_2851 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_rebalance_different_sized_replicas__3486 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_reliable_iput__ticket_2557 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Replication.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iget_prefer_from_archive__ticket_1660 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_collision_with_wlock ... skipped '--wlock has possible race condition due to Compound/Replication PDMO'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompound.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iget_prefer_from_archive__ticket_1660 ... skipped 'this is tested elsewhere'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_collision_with_wlock ... skipped '--wlock has possible race condition due to Compound/Replication PDMO'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationToTwoCompoundResourcesWithPreferArchive.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iget_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_iput_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irepl_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_collision_with_wlock ... skipped '--wlock has possible race condition due to Compound/Replication PDMO'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_ReplicationWithinReplication.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_round_robin_mechanism ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_unix_filesystem_free_space__3306 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobin.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iget_with_purgec ... skipped 'does not deterministically purge repl 0'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_iput_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... skipped 'EMPTY_RESC_PATH - no vault path for coordinating resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irepl_with_purgec ... skipped 'no support for non-compound resources'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_next_child_iteration__2884 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_RoundRobinWithinReplication.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_admin_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_beginning_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ibun_resource_failure_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ifsck__2650 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iget_specify_resource_with_single_thread__issue_3140 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iget_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iget_with_stale_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iphymv_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iphymv_to_nonexistent_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iput_ibun_gzip_bzip2_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iput_overwrite_others_file__ticket_2086 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_iput_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ireg_as_rodsadmin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ireg_as_rodsuser ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ireg_as_rodsuser_in_vault ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ireg_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_invalid_input ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_multithreaded ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_over_existing_bad_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_over_existing_second_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_over_existing_third_replica__ticket_1705 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_update_replicas ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irepl_with_purgec ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_doesnotexist ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_force ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_recursive_file ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_repeated_many_times ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_specific_replica ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_with_read_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irm_with_write_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irmtrash_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_irsync_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_itrim_no_op ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_itrim_with_admin_mode ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_key_value_passthru ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_large_dir_and_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_large_files_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_large_files_with_RBUDP_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iget ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iget_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iget_with_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_imv ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_imv_collection_to_collection_with_modify_access_not_own__ticket_2317 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_imv_collection_to_sibling_collection__ticket_2448 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_imv_to_directory ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_imv_to_existing_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_interrupt_directory ... skipped 'Enable once #2634 is resolved'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_interrupt_largefile ... skipped 'Enable once race conditions fixed, see #2634'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_lower_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_onto_specific_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_overwrite ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_physicalpath ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_physicalpath_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_recursive ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_relative_physicalpath_into_server_bin ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_upper_checksum ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_with_changed_target_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_with_force_and_destination_resource__ticket_1706 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_local_iput_with_really_big_file__ticket_1623 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_mcoll_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_msi_update_unixfilesystem_resource_free_space_and_acPostProcForParallelTransferReceived ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_phybun_from_devtest ... skipped 'FIXME'
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ssl_iput_small_and_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_ssl_iput_with_rods_env ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_unix_filesystem_free_space__3306 ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_Unixfilesystem.test_xml_protocol_from_devtest ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_WeightedPassthru.test_weighted_passthrough ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_types.Test_Resource_WeightedPassthru.test_weighted_passthrough__2789 ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_case_sensitivity ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_empty_icd ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_empty_icd_verbose ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_icd_to_parentdir ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_icd_to_root ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_icd_to_root_with_badpath ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_icd_to_subdir ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_iexit ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_iexit_verbose ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_iexit_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_iexit_with_bad_parameter ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_ilocate_with_spaces_in_collection_name__3332 ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_iquest_bad_format ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_iquest_incorrect_format_count ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_iquest_totaldatasize ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_isysmeta_init_set_and_reset ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_isysmeta_no_resc_group__2819 ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_isysmeta_relative_set ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_izonereport_and_validate ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_izonereport_with_coordinating_resources__ticket_3303 ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_ihelp ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_ihelp_all ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_ihelp_with_bad_icommand ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_ihelp_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_ihelp_with_good_icommand ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_ihelp_with_help ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_imkdir ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_imkdir_when_dir_already_exists ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_imkdir_when_file_already_exists ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_imkdir_with_bad_option ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_imkdir_with_parent ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_imkdir_with_trailing_slash ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_local_imkdir_with_trailing_slash_already_exists ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_Catalog.test_no_distinct ... ok
irods.test.test_catalog.Test_CatalogPermissions.test_isysmeta_no_permission ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acDataDeletePolicy ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acPostProcForCopy ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acPostProcForDelete ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acPostProcForFilePathReg ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acPostProcForOpen ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acPostProcForPut ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acPreprocForDataObjOpen ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acSetChkFilePathPerm ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acSetNumThreads ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_acSetVaultPathPolicy ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Resource_Session_Vars__3024.test_genquery_foreach_MAX_SQL_ROWS_multiple__3489 ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_acPostProcForPut_replicate_to_multiple_resources ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_argument_preservation__3236 ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_client_server_negotiation__2564 ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_dynamic_pep_with_rscomm_usage ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_irods_re_infinite_recursion_3169 ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_msiDataObjWrite__2795 ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_rulebase_update__2585 ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_rulebase_update_sixty_four_chars__3560 ... ok
irods.test.test_rulebase.Test_Rulebase.test_rulebase_update_without_delay ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_tree.Test_ilsresc.test_ilsresc_tree ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_tree.Test_ilsresc.test_ilsresc_tree_with_ascii_output ... ok
irods.test.test_load_balanced_suite.Test_LoadBalanced_Resource.test_load_balanced ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_cancel_large_iput ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_delay_in_dynamic_pep__3342 ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_force_iput_to_diff_resc ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_get_null_perms__2833 ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_ichksum_replica_reporting__3499 ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_icommand_help_and_error_codes ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_icp_collection_into_itself ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_icp_r ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iget_with_verify_to_stdout ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_igetwild_with_semicolon_in_filename ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_ils_connection_refused_2948 ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_imv_r ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iphymv_root ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iput_bulk_check_acpostprocforput__2841 ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iput_r ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iput_r_with_kw_and_obj_count ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iput_resc_scheme_forced ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iput_resc_scheme_null ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_iput_resc_scheme_preferred ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irm_colloprstat__3572 ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irm_r ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irm_rf_nested_coll ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_coll_to_coll ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_coll_to_dir ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_dir_to_coll ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_coll ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_coll_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_dir ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_dir_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_nested_dir_to_coll ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_irsync_r_nested_dir_to_coll_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_icommands_file_operations.Test_ICommands_File_Operations.test_large_irods_maximum_size_for_single_buffer_in_megabytes_2880 ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaQu.test_imeta_qu_C_comparison_2748 ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaQu.test_imeta_qu_d_comparison_2748 ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_addw ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_addw_for_other_user ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_addw_for_other_user_by_admin ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_multi_object_double ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_multi_object_double_to_triple ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_multi_object_triple ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_multi_object_triple_to_double_empty_unit ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_multi_object_triple_to_double_no_unit ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_abandoned_avu_triple_to_double_empty_unit ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_abandoned_avu_triple_to_double_no_unit ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_double ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_double_to_triple ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_multi_avu_removal ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_triple ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_triple_to_double_empty_unit ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_set_single_object_triple_to_double_no_unit ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_with_many_bind_vars ... ok
irods.test.test_imeta_set.Test_ImetaSet.test_imeta_with_too_long_string ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_nqueens_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_return_data_structure_non_null_2604 ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulegenerateBagIt_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiAddConditionToGenQuery_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiAddKeyValToMspStr_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiAddSelectFieldToGenQuery_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiCheckAccess_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiCollCreate_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiCollRsync_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjChksum_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjClose_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjCopy_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjCreate_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjGet_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjLseek_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjOpen_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjPhymv_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjPut_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjRead_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjRename_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjRepl_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjRsync ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjTrim_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjUnlink-trash_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjUnlink_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDataObjWrite_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDeleteUnusedAVUs_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDigestMonStat_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiDoSomething_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiExecCmd_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiExecGenQuery_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiExecStrCondQuery_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiExit_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiExtractTemplateMDFromBuf_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiFlushMonStat_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiFreeBuffer_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetContInxFromGenQueryOut_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetDiffTime_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetFormattedSystemTime-human_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetFormattedSystemTime_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetIcatTime_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetMoreRows_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetObjType_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetSessionVarValue_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetStderrInExecCmdOut_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetStdoutInExecCmdOut_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetSystemTime_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetTaggedValueFromString_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiGetValByKey_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiHumanToSystemTime_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiListEnabledMS_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiMakeGenQuery_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiMakeQuery_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiObjStat_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiPhyBundleColl ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiPhyBundleColl_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiPhyPathReg_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiPrintGenQueryInp_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiPrintGenQueryOutToBuffer_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiPrintKeyValPair_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiQuota_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiReadMDTemplateIntoTagStruct_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiRmColl_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSendMail_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiServerMonPerf_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSetACL_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSetQuota_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSetReplComment_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSleep_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSplitPathByKey_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSplitPath_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiStrArray2String_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiStrCat_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiStrToBytesBuf_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiStrchop_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiString2StrArray_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiStrlen_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiSubstr_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiTarFileCreate_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulemsiWriteRodsLog_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_ruleprint_hello_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulewriteBytesBuf_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulewriteLine_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulewritePosInt_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_rulewriteString_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_str_2528 ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_test_no_memory_error_patch_2242_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_testsuite1_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_testsuite2_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_testsuite3_r ... ok
irods.test.test_all_rules.Test_AllRules.test_testsuiteForLcov_r ... ok
irods.test.test_iscan.Test_iScan.test_iscan_data_object ... ok
irods.test.test_iscan.Test_iScan.test_iscan_local_file ... ok
irods.test.test_ichmod.Test_iChmod.test_ichmod_r ... ok
irods.test.test_iput_options.Test_iPut_Options.test_iput_checksum_zero_length_file__issue_3275 ... ok
irods.test.test_iput_options.Test_iPut_Options.test_iput_options ... ok
irods.test.test_iput_options.Test_iPut_Options.test_iput_with_metadata_overwrite__issue_3114 ... ok
irods.test.test_iput_options.Test_iPut_Options.test_iput_with_metadata_same_file_name__issue_3434 ... ok
irods.test.test_ireg.Test_Ireg.test_ireg_dir_exclude_from ... ok
irods.test.test_ireg.Test_Ireg.test_ireg_files ... ok
irods.test.test_ireg.Test_Ireg.test_ireg_irepl_coordinating_resource__issue_3517 ... ok
irods.test.test_ireg.Test_Ireg.test_ireg_new_replica__2847 ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync_checksum_behavior ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_coll ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_coll_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_dir ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync_r_nested_coll_to_dir_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync_r_nested_dir_to_coll ... ok
irods.test.test_irsync.Test_iRsync.test_irsync_r_nested_dir_to_coll_large_files ... ok
irods.test.test_iticket.Test_Iticket.test_iticket_bad_subcommand ... ok
irods.test.test_iticket.Test_Iticket.test_iticket_get ... ok
irods.test.test_iticket.Test_Iticket.test_iticket_put ... ok
irods.test.test_iticket.Test_Iticket.test_ticket_create_ticket_with_string_as_number__issue_3553 ... ok
irods.test.test_iticket.Test_Iticket.test_ticket_read_apply_recursively__issue_3299 ... ok
irods.test.test_irodsctl.Test_Irodsctl.test_configuration_schema_validation_from_file ... ok
irods.test.test_irodsctl.Test_Irodsctl.test_re_shm_cleanup ... ok
irods.test.test_irodsctl.Test_Irodsctl.test_re_shm_creation ... ok
irods.test.test_resource_configuration.Test_DeferredToDeferred.test_iput_irm ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_hosts_separator ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_icat_shutdown_with_no_resource ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_invalid_client_environment ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_pause_and_resume ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_shutdown ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_shutdown_local_server ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_shutdown_with_invalid_host ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_status ... ok
irods.test.test_control_plane.TestControlPlane.test_status_with_invalid_host ... ok
irods.test.test_native_rule_engine_plugin.Test_Native_Rule_Engine_Plugin.test_api_plugin ... ok
irods.test.test_native_rule_engine_plugin.Test_Native_Rule_Engine_Plugin.test_auth_pep ... ok
irods.test.test_native_rule_engine_plugin.Test_Native_Rule_Engine_Plugin.test_network_pep ... ok
irods.test.test_native_rule_engine_plugin.Test_Native_Rule_Engine_Plugin.test_out_variable ... ok
irods.test.test_native_rule_engine_plugin.Test_Native_Rule_Engine_Plugin.test_re_serialization ... ok
irods.test.test_native_rule_engine_plugin.Test_Native_Rule_Engine_Plugin.test_rule_engine_2242 ... ok
irods.test.test_native_rule_engine_plugin.Test_Native_Rule_Engine_Plugin.test_rule_engine_2309 ... ok
irods.test.test_quotas.Test_Quotas.test_filter_out_groups_when_selecting_user__issue_3507 ... ok
irods.test.test_quotas.Test_Quotas.test_iquota__3044 ... ok
irods.test.test_quotas.Test_Quotas.test_iquota_empty__3048 ... ok
irods.test.test_quotas.Test_Quotas.test_iquota_u_updates_usage__issue_3508 ... ok
irods.test.test_ils.Test_Ils.test_ils_of_multiple_data_objects__issue_3520 ... ok
irods.test.test_irmdir.Test_Irmdir.test_irmdir_dash_p ... ok
irods.test.test_irmdir.Test_Irmdir.test_irmdir_of_collection_containing_collection ... ok
irods.test.test_irmdir.Test_Irmdir.test_irmdir_of_collection_containing_dataobj ... ok
irods.test.test_irmdir.Test_Irmdir.test_irmdir_of_dataobj ... ok
irods.test.test_irmdir.Test_Irmdir.test_irmdir_of_empty_collection ... ok
irods.test.test_irmdir.Test_Irmdir.test_irmdir_of_nonexistent_collection ... ok
irods.test.test_iquest.Test_Iquest.test_iquest_MAX_SQL_ROWS_results__3262 ... ok

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 1468 tests in 13106.840s

OK (skipped=89)
<__main__.RegisteredTestResult run=1468 errors=0 failures=0>
```
